ABOUT RAZER
Razer™ is the world’s leading lifestyle brand for gamers.

The triple-headed snake trademark of Razer is one of the most recognized logos in the global gaming and esports communities.

With a fan base that spans every continent, the company has designed and built the world’s largest gamer-focused ecosystem of hardware, software and services.

Razer’s award-winning hardware includes high-performance gaming peripherals and Blade gaming laptops. Razer’s software platform, with over 100 million users, includes Razer Synapse (an Internet of Things platform), Razer Chroma™ (a proprietary RGB lighting technology system), and Razer Cortex (a game optimizer and launcher).

In services, Razer Gold is one of the world’s largest virtual credit services for gamers, and Razer Fintech is one of the largest online-to-offline digital payment networks in SE Asia.

Founded in 2005 and dual-headquartered in California and Singapore, Razer has 17 offices worldwide and is recognized as the leading brand for gamers in the USA, Europe and China. Razer is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 1337).

ACCOLADES

BEST OF CES
Razer has won the Best of CES for an unprecedented seven years in a row, including People’s Choice Award, Best PC, Best Gaming Device and Best Concept, among others

MICE
Razer’s Mice have won numerous awards over the years from renowned publications including Best Wireless Gaming Mouse, Best Mouse for Gaming, Most Popular Mouse, Best Overall Mouse and numerous Editor’s Choice Awards.

KEYBOARDS
Razer’s range of gaming keyboards have been receiving recognition from publications including numerous Editor’s Choice awards, Best Gaming Keyboard, Best Mechanical Keyboard and Best Keyboard for Gaming.

AUDIO
Razer’s audio products have been winning awards across the board, such as Best Gaming Headset, Best Soundbar for Gaming, Platinum Award for Speakers, Speaker of the Year, Top Headset and numerous Editor’s Choice Awards.

SYSTEMS
The Razer Blade family of gaming laptops and ultrabooks have been winning awards for innovation and quality, including Best Laptop, Best Innovation, Best Ultraportable Laptop and numerous Editor’s Choice Awards.

GAMING LIFESTYLE
Razer’s Gaming lifestyle products such as the Leviathan Mini and The Nabu Smartband have won awards from prestigious tech publications such as Stuff Magazine, Engadget and Tweaktown.

Fecha: 17/02/2021